Added info about the rules for using ESI (#71)
esi/esi-docs: docs/esi_introduction.md

As an aside, all ESI routes end with a /. The only exceptions are the /\<version\>/swagger.json routes and routes used by the swagger-ui, which are passed through ESI.

## Rules

#### Error headers

> ESI does not have a rate limit (see exception bellow), instead it have a error limit. It limit how many errors you're allowed to get within a set time frame. The details are explain in the ESI dev blog: [Error Rate Limiting](https://developers.eveonline.com/blog/article/error-limiting-imminent)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ESI does not have a rate limit (see exception below), instead it has an error limit. It limits how many errors you're allowed to get within a set time frame. The details are explained in the ESI dev blog: [Error Rate Limiting](https://developers.eveonline.com/blog/article/error-limiting-imminent)
```

  
#### Cache headers
The `expires` header represent when new data will be available. You should not update before that.\
If you update before, the best case scenario is that you will get a cached result, wasting resources on both side of the request.\
In the worst case scenario CCP made an error and you get new data. People have been banned for this in the past.

Quick Reference:\
`expires` when new data is available\
`last-modified` when the data was last updated

#### Search endpoint
The search endpoint is not for structure discovery: [The ESI API is a shared resource, do not abuse it](https://developers.eveonline.com/blog/article/the-esi-api-is-a-shared-resource-do-not-abuse-it)

#### Rate limit
Some endpoints, specifically for sending mail and reading contracts, have internal rate limits enforced by the EVE monolith. If these rate limits are exceeded, ESI will return HTTP status code 520. More info in the ESI issue: [Error 520](https://github.com/esi/esi-issues/issues/636)

#### Soft Rules
  
ESI is a shared resource and projects should be optimized to have minimum consumption of unnecessary resources. In the case of long running

> services, consistent amounts of slow traffic are preferred to spiky, high throughput traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
services, consistent amounts of slow traffic are preferred to spiky, high throughput traffic.

#### User agent header
When making requests, it's recommended you set a `User-Agent` header in your client which includes the source of the request and contact information. This way, CCP can identify and help you with issues if you're banned.

#### IP ban avoidance
If you're banned from the ESI, this ban will be a permanent ban based on your IP. It's recommended that you reach out to CCP to resolve the ban and do not try to avoid the ban by changing your IP.
```

As an aside, all ESI routes end with a /. The only exceptions are the /\<version\>/swagger.json routes and routes used by the swagger-ui, which are passed through ESI.

## Rules

#### Error headers

ESI does not have a rate limit (see exception below), instead it has an error limit. It limits how many errors you're allowed to get within a set time frame. The details are explained in the ESI dev blog: [Error Rate Limiting](https://developers.eveonline.com/blog/article/error-limiting-imminent)

Quick Reference:\
`X-ESI-Error-Limit-Remain` errors left in this time frame\

> `X-ESI-Error-Limit-Reset` seconds left until next time frame and errors reset to zero.

Author: Updated per suggestion (except the list)

As an aside, all ESI routes end with a /. The only exceptions are the /\<version\>/swagger.json routes and routes used by the swagger-ui, which are passed through ESI.

## Rules

#### Error Limit

> ESI does not have a rate limit (see exception below), instead it has an error limit. It limits how many errors you're allowed to get within a set time frame. The details are explained in the ESI dev blog: [Error Rate Limiting](https://developers.eveonline.com/blog/article/error-limiting-imminent)  
> Failing to respet the error limit can get you banned from ESI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ESI limits how many errors you're allowed to get within a set time frame. The details are explained in the ESI dev blog: [Error Rate Limiting](https://developers.eveonline.com/blog/article/error-limiting-imminent)  
Once you reach the error limit, all your request are automatically discarded until the end of the time frame.  
Failing to respect the error limit can get you banned from ESI.  
This system allows ESI to not use a fixed request rate limit.
```
